Zixuan heard that grandma was discharged from the hospital
How is he doing?
Grandma is alright
Thank you for your concern.
What do you mean?
Sorry, I'm married to Mingwen
I can't marry you.
You can name any price.
I can guarantee you food and clothing for the rest of your life
What do you think of our relationship?
Can it be measured in money?
Except for money
I have nothing more to make up for you.
I'm not the only one you owe.
And our children
I am pregnant with His Majesty's child
Pregnant
slightly
There you are.
grandma
When did you leave the hospital?
Well, have you recovered from your injury?
It hurts
I don't like the smell of hospital disinfectant
So I was discharged early, hahaha.
The room of Mrs. Shang has been cleaned up
Let's go up.
Hey, go up.